the call to extend church community
online has as much to do with where
we've been as it does with where we're
going in Jesus's time Church having
around a table where anyone from Jesus's
disciples to tax collectors shared a
meal a drink and conversation it was
intimate and it was daily Church was
family in that small community getting
to know each other was a certainty
sharing resources was imperative and
prayer was transparent and fluid
it wasn't until 200 AD that the first
Christian Church was built out of the
need to assemble larger groups and
provide facilities for the community as
communities grew homes became bigger
roads and advanced transportation
allowed us to live further apart the
printing press elevated individualism
and broadcasting emphasized
entertainment above relationships often
it's within those realities that our
families our neighborhoods and even our
churches can feel disconnected
non-relational and anonymous all
churches want to connect people in
authentic transformational relationships
but it's not easy for people to fight
their anonymity break the ice and
discover who's there and what's going on
they may not notice the six month old
pamphlets in the foyer or have time to
talk to the info guy in back meanwhile a
static church website shows information
about the church but doesn't display the
heartbeat of church community all the
different people and activities and the
stories that are unfolding in a church
body every day it's a long way to go
from breaking ice to breaking bread but
we think we can help
imagine the church feeling intimate all
those unknown faces in the hallway
becoming recognizable
and knowing not just each other's faces
and names but each other's stories
praying for each other more frequently
discussing God's Word more openly and
sharing our resources more freely like
the early church
what if Church felt more like home what
would it look like for us to live church
together
okay so technology is just a tool it's
not good or evil in itself it'll never
deliver this dream you can't install
community but we know one thing for
certain research shows the more online
interaction you have with the people you
care about the more you get together in
person that's what this is all about the
software getting out of the way and just
making it easier for people to find
connect and engage with one another
it's not about virtual church it's about
extending your real church into the
places you already are
we are the table project a non-profit
ministry building the table the table is
a custom social platform aiming to
encourage community within your local
church empower leaders and move people
beyond the pews and into authentic
life-changing relationships the table
lets your church create its own private
intimate social network it brings the
people at your church together to pray
share their stories and serve each other
and you can add other content from the
web including global social networks
like Facebook and Twitter but the key is
everything within the table is built
uniquely for a local physical community
so now the people you meet face-to-face
serve with side by side and share
everyday life with they're with you
wherever you go what makes the table
different well it's about group
interaction not self-expression sharing
not broadcasting openness not
limitations being personal
not anonymous intimate not public
physical not virtual local not global
and it's a gift not a product
join us find engage serve prey live
church together the table project